As I read through this article, I couldn't help but repeatedly think back to a few specific classes that I took in highschool that seem to embody what Alfie is writing about. Some of these points that I want to write about include the way that assessing a set curriculum undermines the idea of striving to learn new things as well as the idea that classes tend to have students remember things short term, only for that information to be forgotten soon after. This forgotten information itself is even questionable. Personally, I cannot remember or recall just about anything that I "learned" in my U.S. History C class in highschool. At the same time, There are many parts of history that I can recall in great detail that I learned in U.S. History A and B. The reasoning behind this aligns with Alfies article.

The first class that I want to write about is my physics class that I took in highschool. This class deals with the topic of learning through wanting to learn rather than memorizing and striving for grades. This class was very lenient in the way it graded. Homework was optional. Only labs, quizes, tests, exams, and most importantly, class participation were graded. This class never had a moment of lecture or a powerpoint presentation. All we needed was a whiteboard and packet of questions. Rather than reading from a book about how to do physics, students would take turns going up to the board for each question, taking the best attempt they could with what they knew. The idea was that students weren't afraid to fail, or get bad grades, or memorize things for tests. In a way, this class taught us how to learn and how to think for ourselves. 

The second group of classes that kept coming to mind were the history classes that I mentioned in the first paragraph. I think this really shows what Alfie was talking about because the only differences between the A and B classes and the C class was the teacher, and the instruction method. To explain what I mean, I'm going to give a specific example. In U.S. History A, something we leaned about very early on was World War 1. To this day, I can clearly recall exactly what happened on the day that the Archduke Ferdinand was assassinated. From the failed bomb attempts, to Gavrilo, to the failing of the poinson, to Gavrilo's capture, all of it is in my memory. Something I leaned about in U.S. History C was the different presidents and what they did from around the 50's to the early 2000's. I could not even tell you who was president during those times, much less the order or significance of each. I belive that this happened because of the way the classes were tought. A and B were not focused on assessment at all. There were no tests or quizes. The only thing that was graded was the participation of in class activities. This turned history into something like story time for me. I was able to focus on what was happening in the world as well enjoying my time. It made everything more interesting. C on the other hand, was a typical class where I was expected to take notes from slides and regurgitate that information on tests. All that mattered was remembering what needed to be answered on the test just long enough to take the test then move on to what needed to be in my brain for the next one. 
